hello guys I just wanna get out some
frustration to you guys I just bought
the other Scrolls online and I think
it's actually quite awesome but just
after a couple of days I've started to
run into some problems logging in as you
can see here this is the login screen by
default and you click on play right here
and let's see what happens next
sorry about the load times here are you
having a good day so far yeah okay so
this is the game it's really good I'm
having a lot of fun with it but to
actually play it you have to log in
I have copy pasted my password I type
that in right here
and I get this message this computer is
not authorized to log into this account
an access code has been sent to the
email address associated with this
account please enter the code and click
Submit you can look at this an email
please try again turns to have a new
access code sex well I've tried this now
for
that's an hour and I have not gone
access code whatsoever
so I don't know what's wrong but I can't
lug it
but I'm trying to website
in certain line info there so my account
has not been acting to the webpage so
what's going on
if you guys can help me out here please
leave a comment below
thank you
take care of nice day
you